feat(redirect): set redirect server port when enable http_to_https (#6686)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/redirect.md

Only one of `http_to_https`, `uri` and `regex_uri` can be configured.

> * When enable `http_to_https`, you can specify redirect server port with the header `X-Forwarded-Port`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When enabling `http_to_https`, the port in the redirect URL will be the value of header `X-Forwarded-Port` or the port of the server.
```
